docs: cleanup and fixes (#4419)
graphql/graphql-js: website/pages/docs/authorization-strategies.mdx

servers using GraphQL.js. It assumes you're authenticating requests and passing a user or 
session object into the `context`.

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">

>   In production system,s authorization should be handled in your business logic layer, not your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In production systems authorization should be handled in your business logic layer, not your
```
